"You can do that by implementing your projects into the world and
showing it to other people as opposed to only doing it for
yourself. For example if you make music for film or you perform
on-stage, or things like that, then you are going to get constructive
criticism, hopefully constructive, and you’re going to be able to improve on
your work, or you’re going to get nice positive feedback and compliments
so that’s going to motivate you to keep working. And your work
is never going to be perfect, and especially never to you, you’re
always going to want to keep improving, but at some point you
have to stop and start working on something else."